[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Piccolo was on
the verge of victory,
and it seemed Trunks' dark
future had been avoided...
until...
Yoo-hoo!
Doctor Gero...?
I was speaking the truth
when I said you had
no chance of winning!
The moment I'm gone,
Numbers 17 and 18 will
be here to avenge me!
[ROCKS CRUMBLING]
That devious snake...!
[CRASHES]
[BABY TRUNKS CRYING]
[BULMA GASPS]
Am I lucky or what?!
Where'd Trunks go?!
Baby, where'd...?!
Oh! There you are!
Thank goodness!
I owe you one... or two!
[TRUNKS STAMMERS]
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
Where'd he go?! Darn it!
That cowardly rat!
[GOHAN]
Hey, Bulma!
[KRILLIN]
Are you all right?!
Never been better, boys...!
Our mystery
friend saved the day.
Good thing!
No kidding!
[VEGETA]
He's not getting
away that easily!
You...!
They were in trouble,
and you didn't lift a
finger to help them out!
Clearly.
Don't you care about
your son and his mother?!
[VEGETA SCOFFS]
Should I...?
They're both weaklings who
only serve to get in my way.
[TRUNKS SCOWLS]
Never question me, whelp!
[VEGETA THINKING]
I would have seen him if
he'd taken to the skies.
He's on foot
somewhere down here,
scurrying like
the insect he is...
He couldn't have
gone too far...
So, that crazy
old guy's an android,
'cause his brain
was totally on display!
[BABY TRUNKS CRYING]
Aw, what's the matter?
Yeah, he was
an android, why?
Who's a good
non-fussy baby?!
[BULMA COOS]
Hey!
That's weird... Dr. Gero
was always human before.
Huh?!
Ahh...!
[BABY TRUNKS CRYING]
Yeah... I've seen
him in science journals.
I can't believe
he's an android now.
Huh. I wonder if
he converted himself.
You're Mister Grumpy
today, aren't you?
Hey! Bulma says that
old lookin' android
was really Dr. Gero!
That was him?!
[PICCOLO GASPS]
[TIEN GASPS]
No, that couldn't
possibly have been Gero!
Quit spouting
nonsense, woman!
Call it what you want, but the
photographs I saw don't lie.
And I'm sure that's the same
guy I saw in those journals.
[BABY TRUNKS CRYING]
♪"Rockabye baby,
on the tree--"♪
Stop frowning at him!
[VEGETA GRUNTING ANGRILY]
You know, we scientists
can be a contrary bunch,
but everybody agreed that
Dr. Gero was a genius.
Well also, that he
was a mean old man...
Quiet down, there
you go... yeah...
Everything you've
told us has been wrong!
You're just a fraud!
You said that this
madman fell victim
to his own creations!
The ones we did fight weren't
the right ones, were they?
Yeah, it's true.
Events are unfolding differently
than I thought they would.
And... my messing
with the past so much
is probably
what's responsible.
[PICCOLO]
He mentioned
Number 17 and Number 18.
Those... are the pair from
your future, aren't they.
Huh?
Quickly, now! Tell us
what they look like.
We can't afford to be
careless any longer.
[TRUNKS]
Yes, you're right.
Seventeen is a young
man with long black hair
and a scarf tied
around his neck.
Eighteen's a girl, blonde
hair to her shoulders...
If she wasn't evil,
I might call her cute.
Whoa... a girl...?
Wasn't expecting that.
They both wear
earrings, round ones,
so that might help
you identify them...
And their eyes
are as cold as ice.
Right...
...and do they also absorb
power through their hands?
Absorb...? No,
these are much worse.
These androids'
powers... last forever.
No! Infinite
power is a myth!
You're just too weak!
We can argue about their
specs later. Where's Goku?
Well, you remember
that heart disease
you told us
he was gonna get?
Turns out he only
came down with it now.
So the original timeline's
really been thrown off that far.
[GOKU SCREAMS]
[YAMCHA]
Goku! Hold on!
[GOKU WINCING IN PAIN]
Goku! Please,
just hang in there!
Oh, honey...!
Woman!
Tell me you know the location
of Dr. Gero's laboratory!
I'm sure he's heading
back there as we speak!
Well, I think it's in the
mountains over by North City.
At least that's
where it used to be.
Rumor had it he'd
converted some empty cave
into a secret hideout.
How on earth are we
going to catch up with him
now that we've been
standing here talking?
Stop being dense.
No one of actually saw him
fly off into the distance.
[KRILLIN GASPS]
Wait, he's invisible?
No! He's fleeing on foot
and using the terrain
to stay out of sight.
The mad doctor couldn't
have gotten very far.
I see...
So you're saying we should
still have plenty of time to
beat Gero
back to his lair
and destroy those
two wicked androids
before he has a
chance to activate them.
Nothing so cowardly
for this Saiyan prince!
The moment Gero
activates his two creations,
I'm taking them on!
That chunky one
barely put up a fight!
I demand
a worthier opponent!
No, you can't!
Listen!
You don't understand
how powerful
the androids really are!
Piccolo's right,
we should destroy them now!
This might be the
only chance that we get!
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
Wait! If you're going
to fight them no matter what,
at least wait until
Goku's feeling better!
Don't do
it by yourself!
Why would I wait for
that miserable low class?
I am every bit
the warrior he is!
Are you really
that blind?
There's no way that commoner's
Super Saiyan powers exceed mine!
I am royalty!
Now get out of my way!
Fool! What
is he thinking?!
Vegeta's figured out how
to become a Super Saiyan.
For all we know,
he is stronger than Goku now.
Maybe we really can take
care of this on our own,
like he says.
[TRUNKS]
Don't forget, I can
turn Super Saiyan, too.
But when I fought the
androids at my full power,
I couldn't stop them...
not even close...
I barely slowed them down.
I may not like him,
but I'm not going to let
my father face them alone!
What did he say?
Something about his father?
[BABY TRUNKS MURMURS]
I feel like
I'm missing something.
It's time you were
told the truth, Bulma...
...about that
young man's heritage.
You're his mother,
and Vegeta's his father.
He is who that baby in your
arms is going to grow up to be.
[BABY TRUNKS MURMURS]
Whaaat?!
[KRILLIN STAMMERS]
[GOHAN STAMMERS]
No way...!
[BABY TRUNKS MURMURS]
Wait... So you're
telling me that...!
[KRILLIN]
Y-Y'know, now
that you mention it,
there is a crazy resemblance!
Well, I guess that's
got that cleared up!
The fact that he turns
into a Super Saiyan
makes a whole lot
more sense now!
Whoooooa...
Sounds like,
you're going to grow up to be
quite a scrappy young man, huh!
That's good to know!
Mommy was worried...
...that you might end up
taking after your Daddy.
[KRILLIN NERVOUSLY LAUGHS]
All right Tien, Krillin...
The two of you are with me.
We gotta find that
lab before Vegeta does.
We can save
ourselves a lot of trouble
if we destroy 17 and 18
before they can fight back.
Let's do it.
I'm in.
[ROCK CRUMBLING]
[YAJIROBE GRUNTS IN PAIN]
Oh, man...
Hey, Bulma...
Could you tell my dad that we're
all looking for Dr. Gero's lab?
Oh, and if he gets to feeling
better, he should join us!
Sure, Gohan... but how am I
supposed to tell him anything?
Without my air car, I'm stuck.
True... Gohan,
you fly her back home.
Dismantling a few
offline androids
is something we
three can take care of.
'Kay, but you
be extra careful.
Let's head out!
We need to find Gero's lair
before Vegeta tracks it down!
--Right!
Uh, how fast can I go?
As fast as you'd like,
but remember
there's a baby on board!
[YAJIROBE GRUNTING]
[YAJIROBE]
Dude, aren't you
forgetting somebody?!
Huh?
[YAJIROBE GRUNTING]
Heya, guys...
A little help?!
[GERO THINKING]
This should be far enough.
If I take off from here,
I doubt they'll spot me.
[GERO LAUGHING]
[BEEPING]
Hmm?
[GERO GRUNTS NERVOUSLY]
Vegeta?!
Still searching for me,
is he? He's relentless!
What's this...?
The younger one, too?!
And both of them
making a beeline
for my hidden laboratory!
No... that can't possibly
be their destination.
It's merely a coincidence!
[GERO GRUNTING]
What else could it be?
They have no idea where
my lab is secreted away.
Only a handful of
scientists even know
it exists in
the first place.
Hmm?
Wait, that girl
from earlier,
that's Bulma, the heir to
the Capsule Corporation!
Does her father
know about the lab?
What if she
inquired about me?!
[GERO GASPS]
[GERO GRUNTS NERVOUSLY]
I was right to worry!
Their current trajectory
will take them straight to it!
No! The meddling
do-gooders mean to destroy
Number 17 and 18 now,
while they're still defenseless.
They shall rue
the day they interfered!
I am the only one who knows the
precise coordinates of my lair.
They can search until
they're blue in the face.
Even taking the long way,
I'll still beat them there!
Uh, if you want
to go faster,
don't hold back
on my account.
Sure!
Yajirobe!
Maybe you should walk
from here on out, yeah?!
Huh?! As if!
Hey, don't you take
that tone with me!
[TRUNKS SEETHS]
Your father, huh?
[METAL CLANKS]
[OLDER BULMA SIGHS]
Vegeta wasn't the most
considerate guy on Earth
and he caused plenty
of trouble in his day,
that much is for certain.
[METAL TOOLS CLANKING]
He was a proud man,
and a hard man...
But he cared about us, Trunks.
He couldn't express it...
But I always
knew that he did.
[TRUNKS ANGRILY GRUNTS]
Planning to tag along
all the way there, huh?
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
We'll see.
[VEGETA SCREAMS]
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
[VEGETA THINKING]
Oh right, the gutsy brat
can turn Super Saiyan,
as well, can't he?
My blood coursing
through his veins
keeps him from
being a total waste.
[WATER SPLASHING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
How far away from
North City are we, Tien?
It's just up ahead.
There!
Where's Vegeta?
We gotta find those
androids before he does,
or we'll have a serious
problem on our hands.
[TRUNKS THINKING]
He's such a selfish,
short-sighted fool.
I have to stop him
from fighting the androids,
whatever the cost...
At least until
Goku has recovered...!
[VEGETA THINKING]
I am Vegeta, the final
prince of the Saiyans,
the last great warrior
of our mighty race!
I will not share my
victory over these constructs
with that peasant Kakarot!
Seventeen and 18 will fall
by my hand, and mine alone!
[WATER SPLASHING]
[19 LAUGHING]
[GOKU YELLING]
[FIGHTING NOISES]
Huh?!
Too late for your heroics...
You, and all your little
friends, shall meet your doom!
[GERO MANIACALLY LAUGHING]
Huh?!
[GOKU CHOKING]
[GOKU]
What am I
even looking at here?
I've never fought
anything like this before!
[SCREAMING]
[CHICHI]
Goku! Goku,
can you hear me?!
Keep fighting, honey! You
just have to hang in there!
[YAMCHA]
Be strong, Goku! C'mon,
you can beat this man!
It's going to be okay, dear!
We're right here with you!
We're not going
to leave your side!
Oh, what a horrible
nightmare he must be having!
[GOKU GRUNTING]
The medicine... did we wait
too long to give it to him?!
[GOKU WINCING IN PAIN]
[CHICHI SIGHS]
Hey, Gohan, how much
longer is this gonna take?
I'm getting pretty
tired up here.
How are you
getting tired?!
You're not even
doing anything!
You're laying there
like a beached whale
while Gohan does
all of the work!
Um, I don't
mind... it's fine.
Lucky for you he's
so polite, Yajirobe.
I want you to be
helpful just like Gohan
when you get
older, okay baby?
Trunks is really cool
when he gets older.
Neat that we got to hang out
with him and see for ourselves.
Yeah, it was. I guess he
is pretty cool, isn't he?
I dunno,
can we trust him?
What'd you say?
Hey!
You can't go around accusing
people's babies like that!
Um, Bulma...?!
You apologize to my
little Trunks this instant!
[BULMA AND YAJIROBE SCREAMING]
Hey, I know he's your kid
and all, and that's just great,
but he's Vegeta's kid,
too. I'm just sayin'.
So?!
We're gonna tell Daddy
what the fat man said!
Never mind...!
I take it all back!
C'mon!
Gimmie a break!
[GOHAN]
Of course we can trust him!
He came all the way
from the future
to warn us about
stuff so we can prevent it!
[BULMA]
Thank you, Gohan.
At least you're a good
judge of character.
Cut me some slack... kid
looks wicked sometimes!
Well, I'm sure Vegeta will be
very interested to hear that!
[YAJIROBE GRUNTING NERVOUSLY]
I think that'd be
a really bad idea!
[GOHAN]
If grown-up Trunks hadn't
told us ahead of time,
we wouldn't have known
about Dad's heart virus,
or the androids.
It all just would
have happened...
I mean, he even brought back
that medicine from the future.
You're very considerate,
aren't you, my little cutie!
You know what... maybe
my dad's taken the medicine
and he's
feeling better already.
I'm sure he's
fine by now.
Yeah, you're right.
Let's go find out!
[YAJIROBE YELLING]
Oh, now he decide
to hit the gas?!
[YAJIROBE LAUGHING]
[PICCOLO]
Dr. Gero hides
his lab in a cave
in one of these
mountains here, correct?
[KRILLIN]
Coulda' done us a favor and
picked some place warmer...
What's the plan?
There are mountains as far
as the eye can see, Piccolo.
Not to mention the
fact that Dr. Gero
can sense our energy without
giving off any of his own
for us to pick up on.
We'll have to
split up and search.
If you find anything, signal
the others. Don't go it alone.
A signal, huh?
What exactly do
you have in mind?
Raise your energy
high as you can...
We'll notice that.
Good thinking.
[WIND BLOWING]
[KRILLIN SHIVERING]
It's so cold here...!
Tough it out. You're not
the only one who's cold.
Humans are so delicate.
Now focus!
We need to find these
androids as fast as we can.
Right... Let's
get to it, then.
Don't forget,
the fate of the planet's
resting on our shoulders, guys.
Wait a second!
Yes, you're
freezing. We know!
Uh, I was thinking
you should probably
take some senzu beans...
...better safe
than sorry.
Good idea...
Thanks, Krillin.
[KRILLIN]
Okay, so there's
half a dozen left.
Divide that by the three
of us, that's two each.
[PICCOLO]
Well if everything
goes according to plan,
we won't
even need them.
My theory held up...
they know about my lab,
but I think they'll find
that tracking it down
is another matter...
Prepare to fail, fools!
Snoop around all you want!
I'll defeat you soon enough!
[VEGETA]
Why do you insist
on following me?
What, are you going to tattle
to your mommy?! Get out of here!
I'll turn around...
...as soon as you promise
not to fight the androids!
So what do you plan to do
once I've tracked
down that laboratory?
Will you destroy
the sleeping androids,
even if it means
you have to go through me?
If I have to...
I'll say it one
more time, though,
17 and 18 are
more powerful
than you could
possibly imagine!
[VEGETA SCOFFS]
Don't you get it?
Telling that to a real Saiyan
makes him want to fight
these creatures even more!
Now you could just
make yourself useful
and tell me where to
find Gero's laboratory!
[TRUNKS SEETHING]
It's like talking
to a wall with you!
[BEEPING]
Wee little Krillin?
[GERO LAUGHING]
[GERO GRUNTING]
[KRILLIN GRUNTING]
[GERO LAUGHING]
Whatever were you
thinking, Krillin?
At your negligible power level,
your practically useless.
I'm shocked your
friends even let you help.
Yeah...?
Bring it, Grandpa!
Enough chit-chat...
Let's put you
out of your misery!
[BEEPING]
Hmm?
[GERO]
What? Now Piccolo?!
I've got time to dirty my hands
with one but not two of them.
You be around a little
longer than expected.
Don't bother
thanking me.
[GERO LAUGHING]
Because I do
only mean a little.
[KRILLIN SHUDDERING]
I gotta let...
the others know where I am...
[KRILLIN SHUDDERING]
[KRILLIN THINKING]
No! I gotta find
that laboratory first!
[NARRATOR]
Our heroes rush to
find Dr. Gero's lab
before he can
unleash his creations,
but will they find it
in time to save the future?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
So, those two androids
who ruined the future
are activated now, right?
[TRUNKS]
This is even worse
than I expected, Goku.
There's a third android,
one I know nothing about!
I can't just let them run wild.
I have to do something!
[GOKU]
Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[TRUNKS]
None of you realize
yet how horrible they are!